README

This README explains how to run instances of our code.


CODE PART:
The activity tracker is started once over the MainApp class. In the begining you have to insert your age, gender and weight. Based on this information the activity recommends a daily step goal and a daily calories goal, which you can change so it perfectly fits your needs. After that you will be guided to the home screen and the "normal" operation starts. The sensor (for testing and simulating reasons our sensor will be the console, where you have to insert the data asked for) is collecting data every 30 seconds. 
From the home screen you have different options:
	1) start an activity: after pressing the activity button the sensor (so the console again) will record your heartrate and meters and calculate through this how many calories you have burned and shows it on the display. To end the activity just press the "end activity" button and the recording will end. If you press the physical button ( simulated by the black button on the side) you will get back to the home scene.
	2) record your sleep: press the sleep button. After that your heart rate will be recorded and based on this and the hours of sleep the activity tracker calculates a sleep level from 1 to five, where 5 is the best sleep. You can have look over the summary by pressing the "wakeup" button.
	3) go to different views by pressing the physical button. You can have a look over your daily steps, calories and how much of your daily goals you achieved. If you press the "settings" button there you can change your weight and age again. On the main views is also the summary of your last sleep.

Also the activity Tracker will save your calories,steps and sleep from the last 10 days and also save the last 30 activities. Every day it will automatically create a new DailyCalories and DailyStep class, save the last one and throw the class from 10 days before out of the storage. These data sets are only accesible over the computer but not the activity tracker itself.


TESTING PART:
For our testing we used a JUnit framwork. 

TEST GROUP 1
To run all tests EXCEPT the SleepTest you must follow these steps:
1)open up the ide and navigate to the test file you wish to run.
2)right click and select "run" from the option.
this will start our basic junit tests and the result will be displayed in the console.

TEST GROUP 2
To run the SleepTest you must follow these steps:
1) navigate to SleepTest and Sleep java files
2) in the Sleep java file you will notice commented/uncommented lines with a similar structure to this:
	
	averageHR = (int) (sum / (minutes / 5));

	// for test cases
	// averageHR = sum;
	
3) When you see this ^^^ switch which vairable assignment statement is commented/uncommented so it looks like this:

	//averageHR = (int) (sum / (minutes / 5));

	// for test cases
	averageHR = sum;
	
4) there are three places where this takes place:

Line 18
Line 49
Line 86

5) once you change the code at the three lines above you can right click the SleepTest file and select run to begin the tests, this will start our basic junit tests and the result will be displayed in the console.
	
*** You must comment/uncomment the lines listed above to switch between the two testing groups ***
